Moved index_template permission to cluster section (#2964)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/access-control/permissions.md

- cluster:monitor/task/get
- cluster:monitor/tasks/list

> These permissions are for indices but apply globally to the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following permissions are for indexes but apply globally to the cluster:
```
